It's 2256 and it's the sixteenth of May, 2015.  
  
  
It's been a while seen I posted anything. I've been busy, to say the least. I know that I still need to complete that routing post but I'm not really in the mood. Just realized the fact how lonely life can be. Well, I've known it but I guess I haven't thought about it much.  
  
Being a college student, you need someone to talk to, you know. I've always love saying that marks don't matter and it's the knowledge that we gain is what's important. Well, my first year is almost about to end and all I've done is pass my time learning stuff I would never require in my life.  
  
TOR Project:  
Well, I'm still struggling to create simple networks in the Shadow simulator. Hopefully, I'll be able to do it within a few days. But now I am becoming familiar with the OS atleast.  
  
Speaking of OSes, I still feel people compare stuff that aren't really of the same category. Take OSX, Windows and Ubuntu, for example, or iOS, Windows Phone and Android. The purpose of an OS is to make the user comfortable with their "content" and provide a good "experience". I know some of my friends are going to read this, so, I think I'll tell the truth. The reason I like what I use is because the way "YOU" guys react to me using it. I don't care what you think.  
  
College Life:  
I can not wait for the core subjects to start. They'll be fun. Speaking of fun, I haven't really hung out with anyone lately. I would love doing that. Well, most people believe that I don't like going out or something. It depends on who I'm going with. (You guys will get the reference)  
So, yeah, that's pretty much it. I will try and put up more informative blogs than this 'personal stuff' kind of posts.  
  
Have a great day.  
  
  
NOTE: Sorry if I made grammatical or spelling mistakes. Happens with all of us :)