Campus placements are odd. They can be tricky and should be well prepared for. My experience has been weird, yet exciting. So, how did I really do in my interview? I would like to briefly describe the answers I gave for the questions asked to me in the final round. I would like to hedge a little bit my saying that I'm not sure the answers I gave are correct, it's what came to my mind at the time. And sometimes there might not be a right answer as such.

> "Tell me about yourself."

I always tried to keep my answers succinct. I started off by telling my name, where I was born and where I've done my schooling. Then I briefly described my family members' work. Next, I gave a short list of my hobbies and interests.

> "How has your experience been today? How do you feel about the recruitment process today?"

I had heard from my senior about recruitment procedures without aptitude tests, which sounded convoluted on paper, but participating in one was a great fun experience.

> "What sort of programming languages are you comfortable in?"

Being a Computer Science student, I am pretty familiar with C#, C, C++ and have worked a little bit with Python and Java. It is prudent that you state your experience with each language as follow up questions might come up.

> "Can you summarize in about five minutes, your life experiences and what you would bring to our organization?"

I honestly do not remember what I said here, but the ten thousand foot view was that I talked about my interests and hobbies and somehow delved into how my project (which I will explain later) did solve a real life problem, at least in my own life.

> "I see you have done this project in Database Lab. Can you explain it to me how it works and what technologies you have used?"

So, here in college, we exchange movies, music or other data in thumb drives, notes, etc. I lent two of my thumb drives and forgot who I'd given it to. So I built a Xamarin.Forms app called [GiveOrTake](https://github.com/saurav-sahu/GiveOrTake) to help me keep track of my belongings. So, Xamarin.Forms is a C# Library that helps you to build Cross Platform Native Applications. My application runs on Windows and Android Phones and Tablets. The interviewer asked that at their organization, they also use Angular for building applications, so how would I cope up? I had participated in Smart India Hackathon at Nagpur in April and our team used Angular 2 to build the solution, so that exposed me towards cross platform technologies and JavaScript and TypeScript Frameworks.

> "Your Computer Graphics project is about Tower of Hanoi. Can you explain it to me as if I’m a layman?"

These questions are always difficult and I don't think I do a good job at explaining them. But here's what I probably said. So the Tower of Hanoi is an old game. You have 3 poles. In the first pole you have a few disks so that the larger disks are towards the bottom. The task is to transfer these disks to the third pole, but your can only transfer one pole at a time and you cannot place a larger disk atop a smaller one.