  
So going towards networking, we have one of the most important concepts, routing.  
  
Routing is selecting the best path available in a network, really. Usually during a networking session, there is a client and a server. Say, the client is downloading some file from the server. This data is to be sent over from the server to the client over the internet. To do this, the data is "chopped up" into smaller segments called packets. These packets are sent individually and arranged back into order at the destination.  
  
So, there are some protocols, or rather rules, that are to be followed when transferring these packets.  
Protocol: the official procedure/ system of rules governing affair of state or diplomatic occasions. - TheOxfordDictionaries  
  
There are basically two types of routing: Internal and External Gateway protocols.  
  
What is a gateway then? It's a network node used for interfacing with another network that uses different protocols. (We all use WikiPedia)  
When two or more networks need to communicate with each other, a gateway is necessary, because we don't really know if they uses the same protocols. Also, a gateway is an intelligent device which directs packets towards the correct sub-network when needed.  
In networking, everything is corelated. To learn something, you have to learn like ten other things. I mentioned about a "node" when I defined a gateway. Node: A node is a connection/redistribution/end point which is capable of sending an receiving data. (Also from WikiPedia)  
  
I'll talk about the types of routing in the next post.  
  
Later.